Update Jaeger exporter convenience functions (#1822)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

- Make `ExportSpans` in Jaeger Exporter honor context deadline. (#1773)
- The `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/export/trace` package is merged into the `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/trace` package. (#1778)
- The prometheus.InstallNewPipeline example is moved from comment to example test (#1796)
- The convenience functions for the stdout exporter have been updated to return the `TracerProvider` implementation and enable the shutdown of the exporter. (#1800)
- Replace the flush function returned from the Jaeger exporter's convenience creation functions (`InstallNewPipeline` and `NewExportPipeline`) with the `TracerProvider` implementation they create.

>   This enables the caller to shutdown and flushing of the using the related `TracerProvider` methods. (#1822)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This enables the caller to shutdown and flush using the related `TracerProvider` methods. (#1822)
```
